Update README for relaese (#74)
swift-server/vscode-swift: README.md

Swift support uses [SourceKit LSP](https://github.com/apple/sourcekit-lsp) for the [language server](https://microsoft.github.io/language-server-protocol/overviews/lsp/overview/) to power code completion and [LLDB](https://github.com/vadimcn/vscode-lldb) to enable debugging. 

The extension is developed by members of the Swift Community and maintained by the [SSWG](https://www.swift.org/sswg/). The aim is to provide a first-class, feature complete extension to make developing Swift applications on all platforms a seamless experience.

If you experience any issues or want to propose new features please [create an issue](https://github.com/swift-server/swift-vscode/issues/new) or post on the `#vscode-swift` channel on [Slack](https://swift-server.slack.com).

## Contributing

The Swift for Visual Studio Code extension is a community driven project, developed by the amazing Swift community. Any kind of contribution is appreciated, including code, tests and documentation. For more details see [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Installation

> For the extension to work, you must have Swift installed on your system. Please see the [Getting Started Guide on Swift.org](https://www.swift.org/getting-started/) for details on how to install Swift on your system. Install the extension from [VSCode Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=sswg.swift) and open a Swift package!

Reviewer: Unfortunately, the official installation instructions for Linux and Windows are overly complicated and often don't work 😕

For example:

- The linked page doesn't actually explain how to install on Linux. You have to browse to the Download page for that, scroll down quite a bit, and follow lengthy steps, which are missing some steps that aren't obvious for beginners.
- The installation instructions for Windows may not work. I had to slightly adjust the commands to get them to work. That was fine for me, but it will trip up a lot of people. Also, `winget` seems to be the recommended way to install now, but it's still at version 5.5 (no patch releases).

All of this is why I started https://github.com/pwsacademy/swift-setup, but I assume we have to link to the official page here?

Author: Yeah I think for now we should stick with the official docs. If they don't work maybe we can get them updated cc @tomerd  

The new debs/rpms might change things again as well

Reviewer: Yes native packages would be a big leap forward. I've been using the https://www.swiftlang.xyz packages for a while now, and they are much easier than use than the official releases.

# Swift for Visual Studio Code

This extension adds language support for Swift to Visual Studio Code. It supports:

* Automatic task creation
* Package dependency view
* Code completion
* Jump to definition, peek definition, find all references, symbol search

> * Error annotations and apply suggestions from errors

Reviewer 2: Maybe include
* Automatic generation of launch configurations for debugging with [CoreLLDB](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vadimcn.vscode-lldb).

Swift support uses [SourceKit LSP](https://github.com/apple/sourcekit-lsp) for the [language server](https://microsoft.github.io/language-server-protocol/overviews/lsp/overview/) to power code completion and [LLDB](https://github.com/vadimcn/vscode-lldb) to enable debugging. 

The extension is developed by members of the Swift Community and maintained by the [SSWG](https://www.swift.org/sswg/). The aim is to provide a first-class, feature complete extension to make developing Swift applications on all platforms a seamless experience.

If you experience any issues or want to propose new features please [create an issue](https://github.com/swift-server/swift-vscode/issues/new) or post on the `#vscode-swift` channel on [Slack](https://swift-server.slack.com).

## Contributing

The Swift for Visual Studio Code extension is a community driven project, developed by the amazing Swift community. Any kind of contribution is appreciated, including code, tests and documentation. For more details see [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Installation

> For the extension to work, you must have Swift installed on your system. Please see the [Getting Started Guide on Swift.org](https://www.swift.org/getting-started/) for details on how to install Swift on your system. Install the extension from [VSCode Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=sswg.swift) and open a Swift project!

Reviewer 2: Maybe want to make it explicit that the Swift project is a SPM project

## Configuration

You can find the settings for this extension in **Preferences ▸ Settings** under **Extensions ▸ Swift** or by searching for the prefix `swift`.

The following settings are available:

- **excludePathsFromPackageDependencies**: A list of paths to exclude from the Package Dependencies view.

> ## Features

Reviewer 2: Maybe remove the section about customising tasks.

- **Clean Build Artifacts** (`swift package clean`)
- **Resolve Package Dependencies** (`swift package resolve`)

> - **Update Package Dependencies** (`swift package update`)

Author: Done

> **Note**: When browsing the files in a package, Visual Studio Code may also open these files in the Explorer. If this is undesirable, open **Preferences ▸ Settings** and set **Explorer: Auto Reveal** to `false`.

> ## Configuration

Reviewer: We should at least point users in the right direction then, because the Marketplace doesn't show the Feature Contributions tab.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure users need to see configuration options when viewing in the marketplace.

> The Swift extension uses the [CoreLLDB](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vadimcn.vscode-lldb) extension for debugging.

Reviewer: Maybe we should explicitly mention that this is also how users can run executables? It may seem obvious, but it may not be for everyone.

> When you open a folder containing a **Package.swift** build tasks and launch configurations are created for each executable in the package and if the package contains tests a configuration is created to run the tests. These all use the CoreLLDB extension as a debugger. 

Reviewer: This one is a bit hard to read.

Press `F5` to start debugging. If you have multiple launch configurations you can choose which launch configuration to use in the debugger view. 

> CoreLLDB has a version of `lldb` packaged with it and by default this is the version it uses for debugging. This version of `lldb` does not work with Swift. CoreLLDB allows you to choose an alternate version though. The Swift extension will attempt to ascertain which version is required and give you the option to update the CoreLLDB configuration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CoreLLDB has a version of `lldb` packaged with it and by default this is the version it uses for debugging. However, this version of `lldb` does not work with Swift. Fortunately, CoreLLDB allows you to choose an alternate version. The Swift extension will attempt to ascertain which version is required and give you the option to update the CoreLLDB configuration. 
```

Additionally, the extension will monitor **Package.swift** and **Package.resolved** for changes, resolve any changes to the dependencies, and update the view as needed.

> **Note**: When browsing the files in a package, Visual Studio Code may also open these files in the Explorer. If this is undesirable, open **Preferences ▸ Settings** and set **Explorer: Auto Reveal** to `false`.

> ## Configuration

Reviewer 2: You can remove this section. The configuration options will be listed in the `Feature Contributions` section and the details will be extracted from the `Package.json`
